DOCSP-31555: Add Kotlin Sync Data in Background page (#2938)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/sdk/kotlin/sync/background-sync.txt

   import androidx.work.CoroutineWorker
   import androidx.work.WorkerParameters
   import com.mongodb.app.app
   import com.mongodb.app.data.RealmSyncRepository
   import io.realm.kotlin.Realm
   import io.realm.kotlin.mongodb.syncSession

   class RealmBackgroundWorker(context: Context, workerParams: WorkerParameters) :
      CoroutineWorker(context, workerParams) {

      private lateinit var future: ResolvableFuture<Result>
      @SuppressLint("RestrictedApi")
      override suspend fun doWork(): Result {
         future = ResolvableFuture.create()

         // Get the realm configuration for your app
         val syncRepository = RealmSyncRepository { session, error ->
               future.setException(error)
         }
         val config = syncRepository.getRealmConfiguration()

         // Check if user is logged-in
         if (app.currentUser?.loggedIn == true) {
               val realm = Realm.open(config)
               try {
                  realm.syncSession.downloadAllServerChanges()
                  realm.syncSession.uploadAllLocalChanges()
               } catch (e: InterruptedException) {
                  e.printStackTrace()

>                }

Author: Updated in example and mentioned it in the doc

========================================
Sync Data in the Background - Kotlin SDK
========================================

.. contents:: On this page
   :local:
   :backlinks: none
   :depth: 2
   :class: singlecol

If you need to sync data when your app isn't running, you can sync realms
in a background process.

Prerequisites
-------------

To get started with background synchronization, you need to add the
following dependencies to your Android application:

- :android:`androidx.work:work-runtime <reference/androidx/work/package-summary>`
  to enqueue jobs
- :android:`androidx.concurrent:concurrent-futures <reference/androidx/concurrent/futures/package-summary>`
  to return job results from a background worker

Example
-------

Background sync requires two things:

- Synchronization logic
- A scheduled job that periodically performs the sync logic

Synchronization Logic
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

First, write the custom logic that synchronizes your realm. Treat this
logic as a standalone connection to your backend. As a result, you'll
need to:

#. Get the Realm sync configuration for your app
#. Authenticate a user to open the realm. You can use a user's cached 

>    credentials if the user recently used the app.

Author: Updated

                  realm.syncSession.uploadAllLocalChanges()
               } catch (e: InterruptedException) {
                  e.printStackTrace()
               } finally {
                  realm.close()
               }
         return future.get()
      }
      companion object {
         const val UNIQUE_WORK_NAME = "RealmBackgroundWorker"
      }
   }

Worker
~~~~~~

To create a worker that periodically performs background sync:

1. Create a set of :android:`Constraints <reference/androidx/work/Constraints.Builder>` 
   that specify the conditions required for your worker. Because synchronizing 
   a realm uses data, you should consider only downloading changes in the 
   background when the device is *not*:

   - Low on battery
   - Using a metered data source

2. Specify how frequently your worker should execute. Your repeat interval 
   depends on how frequently data updates in the realm and how often users 
   open your application:
   
   - If the realm frequently updates throughout the day, consider setting a repeat    
     interval of 1-3 hours.
   - If the realm only updates a small number of times each day, it's best to

>      set a higher repeat interval and only background sync once or twice a day.

Reviewer: Nit: "higher" could potentially be confusing here, as it could be interpreted as "more often" or it could be interpreted as "higher number." Maybe we can tweak the wording to be clearer?

```suggestion
     set a less frequent repeat interval and only background sync once or twice a day.
```

Author: Updated
